Document upcoming changes to threads permissions (#3672)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/Threads.md

> Threads generally inherit permissions from the parent channel. If you can send messages or add reactions in the parent channel, you can do that in a thread as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Threads generally inherit permissions from the parent channel. If you can add reactions in the parent channel, you can do that in a thread as well.
```

> Three new permission bits will be added, `CREATE_PUBLIC_THREADS`, `CREATE_PRIVATE_THREADS`, and `SEND_MESSAGES_IN_THREADS`. Note: The `SEND_MESSAGES` has no effect in threads, users must have `SEND_MESSAGES_IN_THREADS` to talk in a thread.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Three new permission bits have been added, `CREATE_PUBLIC_THREADS`, `CREATE_PRIVATE_THREADS`, and `SEND_MESSAGES_IN_THREADS`. Note: The `SEND_MESSAGES` has no effect in threads, users must have `SEND_MESSAGES_IN_THREADS` to talk in a thread.
```

> Three new permission bits have been added, `CREATE_PUBLIC_THREADS`, `CREATE_PRIVATE_THREADS`, and `SEND_MESSAGES_IN_THREADS`. Note: The `SEND_MESSAGES` has no effect in threads, users must have `SEND_MESSAGES_IN_THREADS` to talk in a thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three new permission bits have been added, `CREATE_PUBLIC_THREADS`, `CREATE_PRIVATE_THREADS`, and `SEND_MESSAGES_IN_THREADS`. Note: `SEND_MESSAGES` has no effect in threads, users must have `SEND_MESSAGES_IN_THREADS` to talk in a thread.
```
